Oh
hi everyone welcome to the IPF escort
implementations weekly call from Monday
the 30th of March 2020 we are slightly
down our numbers today that's why and
people are going to leave their updates
that is sinking document which would be
great so we have a note taker away if
everyone could put their name in the
attendee list that would be rad you can
start going through the initiatives so
the first one is upcoming and ship
releases give a quick joke ipfs update
I'm basically gonna ship it now now the
soon as you guys finished gonna ship 42
it's gonna be amazing
well it's gonna be okay is that bug rent
bug fix release efficiently it's gonna
be smaller and faster and more focused
but with no good features but that's
fine because it steady though these
cadence is more important than say yeah
can anyone talk to the guy FS release
knows nothing yeah the content
routing team is taking their day off
today so we don't have Steven today he
was up late last night merging a bunch
of stuff for the first release candidate
of 0.5 but it doesn't look like that got
cut so I would expect that Tuesday but
that is also imminent to get our release
candidate out
sound good upgrading testing
[Music]
I'm out
look like anyone railings
taking the day off stop the main gateway
highlight oh you're just in time you're
a bit quiet it must be the FIR ready did
you just get a show meaning what - I
know that's why I mean you can change
the input volume in the preference I
don't think it would get better than
this and I just mean closer to the
speakers right so for the sometime and
gateways changes 21st companion are
still working progress I hoped to ship a
better release and alack next better
release and be already in the stable
channel right now but the third like
various edge cases that I need to cover
and like I shot myself in the foot
because there are so many tests in
activist companion it's impossible to
break anything so I mean I just need a
bit more time to clear up that that's
done the update I have on this front
but overall the proxy mode works really
well
I tested in on Linux distributions
without proper DNS resolver apart from
the one I had locally and it works it's
just a matter of shipping that I believe
that's it on my end
there's sort of like a related grant for
native protocol handler which builds on
top of sub domains subdomains bring CAE
to be CID to be a basis for the origin
and
the protocol handler would effectively
make that the only thing that is used
for building the origin I'll put a link
into the notes sedation anyone is
interested that's it for me
awesome that's from updates new stream
grace content stream content based
ranking research from prelims
well it says Nicole rust like FS
initiative other initiatives Phoenix FS
no votes I'm here I'm here okay yeah we
just finished the phase 1.1 which is if
I recall correctly pub/sub swarm ID and
version of the api's and we're working
on block tag refs and now I'm going to
completely space as I'm walking around
and my kids are running around here but
one of the other ones um the big thing
great question that we have as we plan
phase 2 is going to be which of the
endpoints are going to be most useful to
people as we move forward and getting
feedback from protocol labs would be
really helpful there we do have
community contribute contributions right
now unsolicited ones which is really
exciting one of which is the pin api's
so somebody contributed that just you
know out of the blue so if you're
thinking about which end points and
api's are going to be most useful moving
forward omit pin because I think we're
going to get that covered so anything
else that people want to weigh in on and
let us know what we should include for
phase 2 that would be really helpful
that's it from us you're running the
interface tests against indentation
that's correct interface and Interop
there's going to be some refactoring
required for interfaces and drop for
example like block get reuses the ipfs
dot add instead of ipfs block put
examples like that so we're gonna be
making some PRS to the interface change
you know tests and stuff like that and
interrupt as well but otherwise it's
going so far we have 33 passing
interface tests so far and we'll be
including them as we move forward so
yeah you can see all the details of this
in the dev grants repo we have grant
reports for each phase that goes through
the details and I'm always available to
answer questions or
if you say or suggest
thanks everybody
anybody got any question
cool so and forms not big a district to
signal no Jacob migrations and multicast
keys in bookstore and Hector just on
review proposals any of all you want to
paid anything for a design review so the
ultimate bike sharing no cool drop in
slash asks
blocked on anything
if we're going to talk on my own
next you
next plumber questions anybody have any
questions then you'll answer
walking
amazing I think we're done thanks for
coming everyone that has been the
Levesque orientations we could sync for
Monday the 30th of March 2020
I've then they can brain he's been
amazing I'll see you all on the Internet